Turning away from the ledge, he started slowly down the mountain, deciding
that he would, that very night, satisfy his curiosity about the man-house. In
the meantime, he would go down into the canyon and get a cool drink, after
which he would visit some berry patches just over the ridge, and explore
among the foothills a bit before his nap-time, which always came just after
the sun had walked past the middle of the sky. At that period of the day the
sunâ€™s warm rays seemed to cast a sleepy spell over the silent mountainside,
so all of the animals, with one accord, had decided it should be the hour for
their mid-day sleep.

It was easy to spot her. All you needed to do was look at her socks. They
were never a matching pair. One would be green while the other would be blue.
One would reach her knee while the other barely touched her ankle. Every
other part of her was perfect, but never the socks. They were her micro
act of rebellion.

Balloons are pretty and come in different colors, different shapes, different
sizes, and they can even adjust sizes as needed. But don't make them too big
or they might just pop, and then bye-bye balloon. It'll be gone and lost for
the rest of mankind. They can serve a variety of purposes, from decorating to
water balloon wars. You just have to use your head to think a little bit
about what to do with them.

As she sat watching the world go by, something caught her eye. It wasn't so
much its color or shape, but the way it was moving. She squinted to see if
she could better understand what it was and where it was going, but it didn't
help. As she continued to stare into the distance, she didn't understand why
this uneasiness was building inside her body. She felt like she should get up
and run. If only she could make out what it was. At that moment, she
comprehended what it was and where it was heading, and she knew her life
would never be the same.

There were little things that she simply could not stand. The sound of
someone tapping their nails on the table. A person chewing with their mouth
open. Another human imposing themselves into her space. She couldn't stand
any of these things, but none of them compared to the number one thing she
couldn't stand which topped all of them combined.

It was a concerning development that he couldn't get out of his mind. He'd
had many friends throughout his early years and had fond memories of playing
with them, but he couldn't understand how it had all stopped. There was some
point as he grew up that he played with each of his friends for the very last
time, and he had no idea that it would be the last.

Do you really listen when you are talking with someone? I have a friend who
listens in an unforgiving way. She actually takes every word you say as being
something important and when you have a friend that listens like that, words
take on a whole new meaning.

The chair sat in the corner where it had been for over 25 years. The only
difference was there was someone actually sitting in it. How long had it been
since someone had done that? Ten years or more he imagined. Yet there was no
denying the presence in the chair now.

He sat across from her trying to imagine it was the first time. It wasn't.
Had it been a hundred? It quite possibly could have been. Two hundred?
Probably not. His mind wandered until he caught himself and again tried to
imagine it was the first time.

There are different types of secrets. She had held onto plenty of them during
her life, but this one was different. She found herself holding onto the
worst type. It was the type of secret that could gnaw away at your insides if
you didn't tell someone about it, but it could end up getting you killed if
you did.

As she sat watching the world go by, something caught her eye. It wasn't so
much its color or shape, but the way it was moving. She squinted to see if
she could better understand what it was and where it was going, but it didn't
help. As she continued to stare into the distance, she didn't understand why
this uneasiness was building inside her body. She felt like she should get up
and run. If only she could make out what it was. At that moment, she
comprehended what it was and where it was heading, and she knew her life
would never be the same.

Debbie put her hand into the hole, sliding her hand down as far as her arm
could reach. She wiggled her fingers hoping to touch something, but all she
felt was air. She shifted the weight of her body to try and reach an inch or
two more down the hole. Her fingers still touched nothing but air.

She sat in the darkened room waiting. It was now a standoff. He had the power
to put her in the room, but not the power to make her repent. It wasn't fair
and no matter how long she had to endure the darkness, she wouldn't change
her attitude. At three years old, Sandy's stubborn personality had already
bloomed into full view.

Dave found joy in the daily routine of life. He awoke at the same time, ate
the same breakfast and drove the same commute. He worked at a job that never
seemed to change and he got home at 6 pm sharp every night. It was who he had
been for the last ten years and he had no idea that was all about to change.

There was something in the tree. It was difficult to tell from the ground,
but Rachael could see movement. She squinted her eyes and peered in the
direction of the movement, trying to decipher exactly what she had spied. The
she peered, however, the more she thought it might be a figment of her
imagination. Nothing seemed to move until the moment she began to take her
eyes off the tree. Then in the corner of her eye, she would see the movement
again and begin the process of staring again.

Don't be scared. The things out there that are unknown aren't scary in
themselves. They are just unknown at the moment. Take the time to know them
before you list them as scary. Then the world will be a much less scary place
for you.
